{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12680\viewh15140\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Twitter app \'91Y\'92
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Infrastructure\ulnone \
1. Set up a server, 
\b\fs36 npm install
\b0\fs48 \
2. Install nodemon\
\
\ul Fetch data from the server on window load\ulnone \
3. Server: a get route to serve all messages\
4. Server: send data as an object\
5. Client: fetch all the messages on window load\
6. Client: add messages to html on window load\
\
\ul Send new messages to the server & add to the page\ulnone \
7. Client: add event listener to the button & log input value\
8. Client: on clicking, create a fetch POST request:\
	8.1. Create an object to send\
	8.2. Stringify data: 
\b\fs36 JSON.stringify()
\b0\fs48 \
	8.3. Pass it in the fetch POST request\
9. Server: add a post route to listen for a new message\
10. Server: parse the message data\
11. Server: add message to the messages array\
12. Server: send a message object back to the client\
13. Client update the feed with the new message\
\
\ul Make the feed persistent\ulnone \
14. Create MongoDB account\
15. Server: install quickmongo & require it: 
\b\fs36 npm install quickmongo
\b0\fs48 \
16. Server: create a new database & connect to MongoDB\
17. Server: connect to the database\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	db.on("ready", () => \{\cb1 \
\cb3     	console.log("Connected to the database");\cb1 \
\cb3 	\});\cb1 \
\cb3 	db.connect(); 
\b0\fs48 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 18. Server: insert a new message to the database\
19. Server: get the messages from the database, not the messages array\
20. Client: on window load, load the messages from the database 
\fs36 (this is already working from step 5, see if there are any updates that need to be made)
\fs48 \
\
\ul What else can you do?\ulnone \
21. Change date formatting\
22. Add user names\
23. Post messages by their date from newest to oldest (you\'92ll have to reverse the messages array, 
\b\fs36 reverse()
\b0\fs48 )\
23. Write a helper function that adds new message instead of repeating the same code twice\
24. What else?}